#summary LiveAndroid HOWTO
#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy,Phase-Support

please follow & RT, http://twitter.com/liveandroid

= Introduction =

HOWTO use live-android


= Download & Boot =

*liveandroid v0.1*

1. Download androidv0.1.part1.rar/androidv0.1.part2.rar/androidv0.1.part3.rar, unzip it. you'll get androidv0.1.iso

Now, you can download liveandroidv0.1.iso directly from rapidshare -> [http://rapidshare.com/files/249259326/liveandroidv0.1.iso]

thanks mirror:
[http://g-android.com/liveandroid/androidv0.1.iso] <- hosting in Vietnam
[http://tomcode.com/inside/live-android/androidv0.1.iso]

2. use androidv0.1.iso in vmware or virtualbox to your taste. of cource, you can burn it as a LiveCD.

3. boot and enjoy!


*liveandroid v0.2*

1. Download liveandroidv0.2.iso.001/liveandroidv0.2.iso.002, use HJSplit(http://www.freebyte.com/hjsplit/ or http://www.freebytesoftware.com/download/hjsplit.zip) join it.

2. Check md5sum via http://www.pc-tools.net/win32/md5sums/ or http://www.pc-tools.net/files/win32/freeware/md5sums-1.2.zip

*liveandroidv0.2.iso MD5: 03852bce8cb26aba21d147153c1fb120*

3. use liveandroidv0.2.iso in vmware or virtualbox to your taste. of cource, you can burn it as a LiveCD.

4. boot and enjoy!


= Tips =

use alt+F1 or alt+F7 to switch GUI and console.

busybox added, you can do everything in console. 


= Networking =

liveandroidv0.2.iso support DHCP

*IP*
ifconfig eth0 _yourip_ netmask _yourip's mask_

e.g. ifconfig eth0 192.168.1.10 netmask 255.255.255.0

*Gateway*
route add default gw _yourgateway_ dev eth0

e.g. route ad default gw 192.168.1.1 dev eth0


*DNS*
setprop net.eth0.dns1 _yourDNS_

e.g. setprop net.eth0.dns1 208.67.222.222